Q. How to cross check table is exist or not?
-> To check table is exist or not we can use
   below approach
   1) use desc command => desc table_name;
   2) use select statement => Select * from table_name;

If query is executed without error then we can confirm table is exist 
or created.
------------------------
Q. How to cross check sequence is exist or not?

-> select sequence_name.currval from dual;

   select doc_id_seq.currval from dual;

   select doc_id_seq.nextval from dual;
-------------------------------------------
Domain : Insurance Domain

We have generally 3 type insurance
a) General insurance
b) health Insurance
c) Life Insurance

Q. Why we take insurance?
-> To overcome/avoid financial loss.

Q. We take inusrance means we purchase a Policy.
   Ones we purchase Policy then we get a Policy Number
   That Policy is active/valid for some particular Peroid.
   Policy has start date and end Date.
   The time interval between Policy start date and Policy End date
   is called Policy active period.

Q. In Our Project we have two Modules
   1) Policy Module -> Handles Policy related Activities
      To handle Policy related activities there is a seperate Team
   2) Claim Module ->  Handles Claim related Activity
    To handle Claim related activities there is a seperate Team

But I am working on Motor Claim Module.
Being a insurance oraganization we have tie up with differerent Motor
Delear Like Honda, Hyundai, Maruti, Ford, Kia, Mahindra,Jeep etc

Ones some thing happens wrong then customer or workshop register a claim.
Ones claim get registered then its cycle get started and its has to go
from different phases and As these Phases are as below

1) When claim get registred then its status is Open
2) Sureveyor get appointed after the claim registration
   and claim status get changed to Survey Appointed(SA)
3) After Appoitment of surveyor, surveyor complet its survey
   and change the status of Claim as "Survey Completion(SC)"
4) After survey completion required document get upload in the
   system(For Example - Policy Copy, Driver Licen Copy,
          RC book, images of vehical and other required document)
   Ones document get upload then claim status get changes to
   Document Upload (DU)

5) Ones document get uploaded then next phase is Assessment
   
6) Final Assessment- How much payment need to pay from Company
   to customer.
7) Payment done to the customer and claim get closed.
   Claim closed means claim has settled.
-----------------------------------------
Stages of Claim
1) Claim Registration(Satus-Open)
2) Survey Appoitmment(Status-SA)
3) Survey Completion(Status-SC)
4) Document Upload(Status- DU)
5) Assesment(Status-A)
6) Final Assesment(Status -FA)
7) Claim closing/ Claim get settled.(status-Closed)

Note : All these activity get performed at Insurance
company end.






   























